feat(apple): Add performance to wizard (#4192)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/wizard/apple/index.md

    SentrySDK.start { options in
        options.dsn = "___PUBLIC_DSN___"
        options.debug = true // Enabled debug when first installing is always helpful

>         // Set traces_sample_rate to 1.0 to capture 100% of transactions for performance monitoring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Set `tracesSampleRate` to 1.0 to capture 100% of transactions for performance monitoring.
```
